docs(rebranding): change `Starport` to `Ignite CLI`, update URLs, and update command uses for all docs and contributing resources (#2262)
ignite-hq/cli: readme.md

# Ignite CLI

![Ignite CLI](./assets/ignitecli.png)

[Ignite CLI](https://ignite.com/cli) is the all-in-one platform to build, launch, and maintain any crypto application on a sovereign and secured blockchain. It is a developer-friendly interface to the [Cosmos SDK](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk), the world's most widely-used blockchain application framework. Ignite CLI generates boilerplate code for you, so you can focus on writing business logic.

## Quick start

> Open Ignite CLI [in your web browser](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/ignite-hq/cli/tree/master), or [install it](https://docs.ignite.com/guide/install.html). Create and start a blockchain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Ignite CLI [in your web browser](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/ignite-hq/cli/tree/master) (or open [nightly version](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/ignite-hq/cli/)), or [install latest release](https://docs.ignite.com/guide/install.html). Create and start a blockchain:
```
